no
dang I mean it's not terrible
yeah that
sucks okay so maybe there is some way
to bypass
it think it's fine this is like a
relatively High effort and like
low impact thing
I want to Center this
ch
de freaking
centering a dip is a meme right because
it's always
like a million ways to freaking Center a
[Music]
div so dumb
let me just see if I get one of these
lazy ones
happens if I do this
it goes to the
center cool now I just have to do the
entire
uh I can just do this whole
demo right just do this
no apparently
not this
whatever I'm not messing with it I'm
done
yeah that's
fine okay
I this decent progress for right now
um we have cleaned up ocean
M fix docks fix this really
obnoxious rendering bug on the website
so now we have all these demos they're
clean they
work need to still update information
for each end that's no problem
uh I decide how I'm going to document
each
end but yeah this should be
good how well do the snake end run on my
phone I wonder
ocean H that runs perfectly fast on my
phone
see perfectly fast on the phone
even that's really
sweet yeah that's nice
uh yeah
solid
okay I'm think I'm just going to go to
the gym a little early and then I got to
figure out for the
afternoon what the next set of
improvements are going to be um
there's like they're like uh there's
still just quite a bit of Polish to do
it's just the question is
like there are million things I can do
and the goal is like pick the 20 most
important figure out what those are do
it a
ship it's generally how it
goes I probably just need to make like a
final list and say okay when this is
done I just release it
I'm going to call it there for now
though um thanks both